Okay,
The never ending story. yeah
Why did you like that?
yeah
oh
So you watched the movie and then read the book?
and you still like them and the book was better.
haahaa
What grade were you in?
okay
oh
(***) haahaa
yeah
haahaa She probably read it as a child.
What is that?
There was a movie? okay
(***) oh (***) haahaa
Oh my god.
haahaa
Okay, magical turtle.
ohh
okay mmm
I haven't heard of it yet.
ohh
Okay, what what is your
all-time favorite book that you can read over and over again.
it's
Which ever, I don't know if I could be nonfiction.
over and over again.
oh yeah
i really i
The one book that I love and I go back to over and over is
The Anne of Green Gables. Anne of Green Gables.
I could just read that over and over again.
yeah well it's a bit a little kind of girly
It's a little girly, but I think it's good.
haahaa
yeah Oh yeah, for my...
haahaa no (***)
College graduation, Kiku took me to Prince Edward Island.
yeah It's on the East Coast.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
i think
haahaa
(***)
But the author is a pastor's wife.
yeah yeah
Yeah, Lucy Mount Montgomery was a pastor's wife.
yeah She was Christian too.
And she was an orphan herself too. yeah
yeah Her parents died when she was a child.
Yeah. so i think
(***)  the music is just sort of open action.
And redhead too.
yeah so
I think it's because the series
It's a series?
haahaa
And it goes from right?
Yes, she grew and then the last season...
The very last book is about her daughter.
And her daughter is pretty much the same age as when she was first adopted.
yeah Yes, and so it's
coming to full circles and
you know the last book did you
Okay, I don't want to give away too much because I highly recommend that.
The last book is, I think, the best.
yeah, the last week is the best.
When you read it as an adult. Yeah.  and
ahhm I was 15 when I finished reading.
and that's the same age as
Anne's daughter. yeah